chore: Update CHANGELOG.rst (#3194)
SwissDataScienceCenter/renku: CHANGELOG.rst

0.33.0
------

Renku ``0.33.0`` introduces improvements and bug fixes in the UI and Knowledge Graph.

> The UI benefits from better error handling and overall behavior. Thus, improved
> handling of common R file extensions is added. Regarding the Knowledge Graph, the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The UI benefits from better error handling and overall behavior, including improved
handling of common R file extensions. Regarding the Knowledge Graph, the 
```

Internal Changes
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**New Features**

- **Renku Notebooks**: Use a new version of Amalthea which adds fields for hibernating sessions in the CRD.

**Bug Fixes**

> - ****: Fixed the problem of concurrent writes to the Triples Store causing data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Knowledge Graph**: Fixed the problem of concurrent writes to the Triples Store causing data
```

0.32.0
------

Renku ``0.32.0`` introduces improvements in the  services, enhancing  overall performance. 

User-Facing Changes
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**✨ Improvements**

> - 🔁 ****: ``updatedAt`` renamed to ``dateModified`` on the Project Details API (`#1582 <https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-graph/issues/1582>`_).

Author: I happened to revise the way we were naming the knowledge graph, and before Laura's leave, we were using Knowledge Graph instead of KG. Hence, I have changed the KG in the current changelog. You are right, I may have removed previous ones by mistake when doing the search. Thank you!

> - 🔁 ****: ``updatedAt`` renamed to ``dateModified`` on the Project Details API (`#1582 <https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-graph/issues/1582>`_).

Author: Thank you!
